[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1995 animated comedy adventure
Toy Story so let's get started the movie
begins with six-year-old Andy's birthday
woody Andy's favorite toy along with the
other toys spy on the party and are
relieved that none of the gifts will
replace any of them but then Andy
receives a surprise gift a space ranger
toy named Buzz Lightyear buzz and
presses the other toys and Andy begins
to favor him as Andy prepares for a
family outing at Pizza Planet his mother
allows him to bring one toy along
fearing that Andy will choose Buzz what
he attempts to trap buzz behind a desk
but ends up knocking him out the window
instead resulting in the other toys
accusing woody of murdering buzz out of
jealousy before they can punish him and
he takes wood ium leaves her pizza
planet when the family stops for gas but
he finds that Buzz is hitched a ride on
a car as well they end up fighting and
the car leaves without them they managed
to make their way back to the restaurant
by stowing away on a pizza delivery
truck once they arrive buzz gets them
stuck in a crane game where they are
picked out by Andy's destructive
neighbor Sid woody attempts to escape
from SIDS house but buzz finally
discovering that he is a toy is helpless
learning that Sid plans to launch buzz
aboard a firework woody restores Buzz's
confidence by teaching him that being a
toy is okay the next morning woody in
SIDS mutant toy creations rescue buzz
just as Sid is about to launch the
rocket they scare Sid and to no longer
abusing toys and coming to life in front
of them Woody and Buzz then leave just
as Andy and his family are driving away
to move to a new home they try to make
it to the moving truck but SIDS dog sees
them and chases them when he tries
rescuing Buzz with Andy's RC car but the
other toys thinking woody has killed RC
as well attack and toss him off the
truck buzz and RC pick up woody and
continue after the truck the other toys
realize there
stake and try to help them get back out
and board but our C's batteries begin to
die
woody ignites the rocket on Buzz's back
and managed to throw our C into the
truck before they soar into the air
buzz opens his wings to free himself
from the rocket before it explodes
gliding with woody to land safely in a
box in the van right next to Andy on
Christmas Day at their new house wood in
buzz stage another mission to prepare
for the new toy arrived as woody
jokingly asked what might be worse than
Buzz they discover Andy's new gift a
puppy hello and welcome to another
episode of movie spoiler alerts today
we're talking about the 1999 animated
comedy-drama film Toy Story 2 so let's
get started while Andy prepares to go to
cowboy camp with woody he accidentally
tears Woody's arm causing woody to be
left behind the next day what he finds a
Weezy who has been shelf for months due
to a broken squeaker Andy's mother puts
Weezy and a yard sale but woody rescues
him only to be stolen by a greedy toy
collector who takes him to his apartment
Buzz Lightyear and the rest of Andy's
toys identify the thief from a
commercial to be al Buzz ham mr. Potato
Head slinky dog and Rex set out to
rescue woody at Al's apartment what he
learns that he's based off of a 1950s
television show called Woody's roundup
and that along with Jesse bullseye and
stinky Pete he is set to be sold to a
toy Museum in Tokyo while the others are
excited about going
woody intends to return home to Andy
stinky Pete explains that the museum is
only interested in the collection if it
is complete and without woody they would
be returned to storage when Woody's arm
is torn off completely
woody attempts to retrieve it and escape
but his caught when Al's television set
turns on he blames Jesse when he finds
the TV remote in front of her the next
morning Woody's arm is fixed he learns
that Jesse once belonged to a girl who
eventually gave her away
stinky Pete warns him the same fate
awaits him whereas he will last forever
in the museum what he decides to stay
meanwhile buzz and the other toys reach
Al's Toy Barn while searching for woody
buzz
is imprisoned by utility belt buzz who
believes that buzzes of rogue Space
Ranger he joins the other toys who
mistake him for Andy's buzz after
discovering Elle's plan they go to his
apartment well Andy's buzz escapes and
pursues them accidentally freeing at
Zerg toy who follows with the intent of
destroying him after the toys fine woody
buzz rejoins them but what he refuses to
go home
buzz reminds woody that a toys true
purpose is to be played with which he
could never experience any museum would
he changes his mind and asked the
roundup to come home with him and Andy's
toys stinky Pete stops them revealing he
was responsible for foiling Woody's
escape attempt and framed Jesse for it
Elle returns takes the gang and leaves
for the airport Andy's toy pursue al but
are caught by Zurg who battles utility
belt buzz and reveals himself as buzzes
father Rex
inadvertently knocks ERG off the
elevator and utility belt buzz chooses
to remain behind wizard accompanied by
three toy aliens Andy's toys steal a
Pizza Planet delivery truck and foul ale
to the airport where they use a pet
carrier to sneak in to find owl suitcase
stinky Pete rips at Woody's arm during a
struggle but Andy's toys stuffed him
into a little girls backpack they free
bullseye and have to chase down Jesse
the toys return home in a stolen baggage
carrier when Andy returns from camp he
accepts Jesse bullseye and the aliens as
his new toys then repairs what he's torn
arm Elves business has suffered due to
him failing to sell the roundup gang and
wheezy squeaker has been fixed what he
tells buzz that he is no longer worried
about Andy outgrowing him because when
he eventually does they will still have
each other for company hello and welcome
to another episode of movie spoiler
alerts today we're talking about the
2010 animated comedy-drama film Toy
Story 3 so let's get started 17 year old
Andy is headed to college and his toys
have not been played with for years he
has sold most of them except Woody Buzz
Lightyear Jessie bullseye Rex slinky ham
mr. and mrs. Potato Head the aliens and
the green army men he intends to take
woody with him to college and put the
other toys in a trash bag to be stored
in the Attic except for the army you men
who leave Andy's mother mistakenly
through
was the bag out the toys escape and
climb into her car into a donation box
with Barbie bound for the Sunnyside
daycare what he follows them but is
unable to convince them that Andi meant
for them to be kept and that the mom
accidentally donated them Andy's toys
are welcomed by lots o huggin bear lots
oh and the other toys at Sunnyside
except woody Andy's toys are delighted
to learn that Sunnyside never runs out
of children to play with and barbie is
enamoured by the handsome ten for what
he attempts to return home but is found
by Bonnie who brings him home Bonnie's
toy chuckle explains that he lots o and
big baby once had an owner but were lost
during a family trip they made it home
where lots o found out that he had been
replaced
lots oohs personality change and he lied
to big baby saying that they were all
replaced when they found the Sunnyside
daycare lotsa took over all the toys in
chuckles only escape because Bonnie took
him home for repair at Sunnyside Andy's
toys are horrified at the toddler's
rough play buzz asked Lotso to move them
to the older children's room but lot so
Pat raised buzz and restores him back to
his original factory settings erasing
his memories miss Potato Head through an
eye that she lost in Andy's room sees
Andy searching for them when they
realize woody is telling the truth they
all try to leave Andy's toys are
imprisoned by lotos henchmen however who
rely on new recruits to save them from
the preschoolers abuse would he returns
to Sunnyside and learns that the only
way out is through the trash Andy's toys
accidentally reset buzz to spanish mode
instead of his old persona spanish buzz
promptly allies himself with woody and
falls in love with Jesse the toys reach
a dumpster but they are cornered by lots
of gang as a garbage truck approaches
woody reveals lots of deception to big
baby who throws Lotso into the dumpster
as the toys try to leave lots of
henchmen retreat and lots of drags woody
into a dumpster as the truck collects
the trash the rest of Andy's toys fall
into the truck while trying to rescue
him except Barbie Ken and big baby a
falling television lands and Buzz
restoring his memory and personality the
truck brings the toys to a landfill
where the aliens are swept away by
spotting a claw and the other toys are
deposited on a conveyer belt that leads
to an incinerator Woody and Buzz help
Lots
reached the emergency stop button only
for Lotso to abandon them and escape the
toys resign themselves to their fate as
they're about to die in the incinerator
but are rescued by aliens operating the
claw lotsa was found by a garbage truck
driver who ties him to the front of the
radiator grille and drives away woody
and the other toys board another garbage
truck back to Andy's home in Andy's room
what he climbs into the box of college
supplies while the other toys prepare
for the Attic
woody leaves a note for Andy who
thinking the notice from his mother
takes the toys to Bonnie's house
- Andy surprised woody is at the bottom
of the box and Bonnie recognizes him
though hesitant at first
Andy passes woody on to Bonnie and they
play together before he leaves woody and
the other toys witness Andy's departure
as they begin their new lives with
Bonnie during the credits scenes barbie
can and big baby have made vast
improvements to Sunnyside daycare and
maintained contact with the other toys
through letters after parachuting in the
army men are welcomed at Sunnyside so
that was the spoilers for all the Toy
Story movies leading up to Toy Story 4
if you have another film you'd like to
see us spoil please let us know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts on Instagram and remember to Like
and subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]